Damn, there are still people in Haicheng who dare to oppose me
Don't make people crazy.
Lao Tzu will be here soon
OK
Brother Long, don't worry.
I won't let them get away
old boy
If you are not afraid of death, wait here for Brother Wolf
Brother Wolf will come later to see that he ignored your question
hum
I'm afraid the snow wolf will arrive.
It's you who peeled the skin
You think you're the dragon lord?
What you say is what you say
I guess you're right.
I am Prince Jiang, hahaha.
Old boy
It's Shaolin Tou who is still lying to me
Long Yan is Hai Chen's all-powerful killer
How is that possible?
Help a little brat who sells breakfast get ahead
Excuse me.
I will help him today.
Damn, you dare to kick your nose and eyes, right?
Impersonating longan
Sin plus one
Brother Wolf will come later.
Look at that. Chop you up alive
Good idea.
I'm waiting.
Which turtle bastard is it?
Dare to call me
I think they don't want to live anymore
Is it me how
Are you going to cut me?